Expand changelog (#1059)
toml-lang/toml: CHANGELOG.md

## unreleased

- Allow newlines and trailing commas in inline tables (18348af).

  Previously an inline table had to be on a single line and couldn't end with a

>   trailing comma. This is now relaxed so that this is valid:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  trailing comma. This is now relaxed so that the following is valid:
```

      tbl = {
          key      = "a string",
          moar-tbl =  {
              key = 1,
          },
      }

- Add `\x00` notation to basic strings for codepoints <255 (7e8a748):

      null = "null byte: \x00"

- Add `\e` escape for the escape character (e56ab35):

      csi = "\e["

> - Seconds in datetime and time values are now optional (7e8a748). These are now
>   valid:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Seconds in datetime and time values are now optional (7e8a748). The
  following are now valid:
```
